[Music]
hey how's it going Dave QD here so this
is the Acer V x-15 and this is one of
the more interesting laptops that I
thought CES is here it's because it's a
new entry level gaming laptop so this is
a really good performer for not that
much money it starts at $800 but the
thousand-dollar configuration gives you
in my opinion the best bang for your
buck the cheaper Lotus will have less
RAM smaller storage and a weaker CPU but
the big difference is the weaker video
card so the performance improvement of
the 1050 Ti over the regular 1050 is
quite noticeable it's about 20-25
percent so if you can afford it go for
the Ti with the 1050 Ti you can easily
break 100 frames per second on light
games like overwatch at Tandy P on high
ultra graphics will still average around
60 frames per second something heavier
like Dishonored 2 you're looking at
around 45 frames per second at 1080p on
high you can still break 60 frames per
second if you drop the graphics to
medium so it's only really heavy stuff
like witcher 3 that will bog this card
down it's still playable but you'll need
to drop your graphics quality or lower
the resolution now all of these are done
on the 1050 Ti
if you can only take up to 1050 those
numbers will be about 20% less so if you
want to see like the more comprehensive
video that shows all these cards and
what they can do I made a benchmark
video link that below now with good
performance like this you need to have a
good cooling system and to get inside to
take a look there's a bunch of screws
and yet to pop off the bottom panel with
a little force nothing too bad inside
we're looking at two heat pipes and two
fans they're quiet on idle and are
relatively quiet on load as well but to
do a good job cooling the components
there's no real thermal throttling going
on even when running benchmarks and the
temperatures in the keyboard area are
comfortable when playing games ok back
to the inside we get to memory slot so
you can go up to 32 gigs of DDR 4 and
you have your m2 SSD the stock one is a
SATA Drive you also have space for a two
and a half inch drive
there's no cabling or mounting hardware
included but Acer will supply these to
you if you want the battery down here is
52 watt hours with average use I'm
getting around 4 hours of battery life
that's what screen at 2
fifteen it's watching videos it'll break
five hours so the battery life isn't
long us to bring this device out for the
day without a charger and it takes
around two hours to charge it up as for
the external aesthetic it has a similar
design language to the predator laptops
that they make with that read angular
exhaust personally I don't love the
design it's definitely more game more
oriented but I don't think it's too
gaudy the build quality is decent I mean
Acer isn't really known for building
laptops with a ton of aluminum or
premium materials but they did a
respectable job with plastics the bottom
panel is plastic the keyboard area is
plastic but very rigid they have a bunch
of these reinforcement signs down below
the hinge design is okay it looks cool
it helps give the laptop a cleaner
aesthetic but from my experience laptops
that use this kind of central hinge
design tend to wear it quicker and
hinges can start to get sloppy after a
couple of years I don't know about this
one I mean it seems really solid but I
don't know about the long term the top
panel has these red accents I don't
think they light up at least I can never
get them to light up but it has this
brushed texture like this faux brushed
metal thing that Acer does I've always
liked this the screenflex isn't too bad
you have to torque it pretty hard to do
this alright so the display when you're
not twisting it around is decent for the
price I mean keep in mind this is a
budget oriented laptop it's a 1080p
non-touchscreen my unit has an IPS panel
I believe at the retail unit but there
are some units out there with TN panels
you should try to get the IPS panel if
you can it gets reasonably bright and
has good contrast color gamut though
isn't great and the viewing angles could
be better for an IPS panel but for a
gaming laptop this does the trick if
you're curious this is what the web can
look and sound like the keyboard is
pretty average for this price point yeah
that's not bad once you get used to the
number pad on the right keystrokes have
a good amount of travel and there's red
backlighting the keys feel a little
mushy though I wish those a bit more
resistance or just responsiveness to
each key the trackpad is better I'd say
it's above-average it feels a little
cheap I mean it's got this really smooth
plastic that I don't love and
button mechanics aren't the best it's
just not a lot of travel when you click
down but it's a solid trackpad because
it uses windows precision drivers very
accurate tracking and gesture detection
ok the speakers in terms of their actual
audio quality they're not amazing their
laptop speakers they don't have much
space but they face the user and they're
loud enough or at least louder than the
fans that I could rely on them for
positional audio and games without using
headphones one last thing the port
selection is average hdmi 3 use bas 1
use bc that doesn't support sunwell 3
and SD card slot and an audio jack my
only knock and this is a minor one is
that the majority of the USB ports are
on the right side so if you have a bunch
of stuff connected it can get in the way
of your mouse movements all right so the
VIX 15 is a sirs first entry into that
whole $800 gaming laptop market and with
this one you're getting a full plastic
build with decent build quality the
screen is an IPS panel not great for an
IPS panel but I'm content you're not
going to get a much better screen at
this price the keyboard is not bad but
it was a bit more responsive the
trackpad is accurate and doesn't skip
around that's pretty important inside
the cable you like CPUs and the gtx 1050
or 1050 Ti to have a really solid
performance at this price point but try
to spring for the Ti if you can the RAM
and the storage are all pretty easy to
access and are readily upgradeable and
the battery down here is 52 watt hours
and it comes up a little short we're
looking at around 4 hours of realistic
use so I think this is a good laptop for
the money you're getting incredibly good
performance for current titles at 1080p
I mean I don't know how far they'll
carry into the future but I expect at
least a couple years of solid gaming
performance at 1080p 60 frames per
second I mean you have to play with the
graphics slider now there's one issue
that kind of pops up to me and it's the
battery life and at this kind of
aggressive pricing you can't have
everything right they're going to make
some compromises and for this particular
laptop it's the battery life so that's
really important to you then you might
have to look at other options but I know
some of you are interested in like a
more direct comparison between this one
and the dell inspiron 7 5 6 7 I will be
doing more kind of nitty-gritty compared
to video between those two and I'll
likely try to introduce a third
hop into that mix because there's a
third device out there that's similarly
priced that should be coming in very
soon that's the end of this video hope
you guys enjoyed it some that we did
something we loved it I'll see you guys
next time
[Music]